To do list
(items are removed to development log as they are done)

1) have 2 cages to show sex-linkage when needed (when xx/xy or zz/zw are possible)
	need to process both
	
2) a problem like TwoGenes05 where the genes can be linked or unlinked

3) evidentiary crosses for linkage
		one parent must be heterozygous for both markers in question
		other parent must have at least one recessive allele for each gene in question

5) screenshots of individual cages/windows
	on all windows have menus:
		file:
			close
			print
		edit:
			copy pic to clipboard
			
6) Evidentiary crosses for epistasis and complementation are crosses involving that pheno
	that are conspicuous (kids ­ parents)

7) change label in ModelBuilder for Linkage from ÒRF _%Ó to Ò_ map unitsÓ or Ò_ centiMorgansÓ

8) in practice mode, the baloon help for a cage is "shows evidence of ..."

9) bug - in linux, save work as tries to put file in root directory, not the selected one

10) bug - in some linux, no title bar for the cage windows (?)

11) VGL applet
	parameter is the problem file
		launches with problem started
	file menu
		new problem
		close problem
		print
	external js buttons
		save work to server
		save for grading
		load from server

12) From Julie Noor
I just ran into a student with a VGLII issue I hadn't seen before (and most I've seen MANY times now -- 
you don't have "save for grading" as an option?  move the VGLII program file back into its original folder
 -- etc).  The student submitted a .gr2 file, but when I opened it, all the answers were in gibberish 
 symbols -- I've attached it, along with our .key files in case you want to see what I mean.  
 Our password is 503E95CE  The student had his computer language set to Korean, so that when 
 VGLII ran, all the text was in Korean.  So we think it saved his model builder responses in Korean, 
 but now our computers can't interpret the characters or translate the responses into English.  I don't 
 mean to imply that this is something that you need to fix, I just wanted to give you a heads up in case 
 someone contacts you with a similar problem.
 
 = probably because the korean translation uses character codes not characters
 	so there's no match
 	

13) also from Julie Noor
I do have one VGLII wish list item.  It would be wonderful if the model builder for the three gene problems 
asked which of the three loci was in  the middle of the chain.  It could be a third tab where  it started by 
asking whether all 3 loci were on the same chromosome, if choose "no" then that's the end (although all the 3 
gene problems are set up so that they are all on one chromosome, perhaps it isn't desirable for the students 
to know this), if choose "yes" then have to choose which of the three is in the middle -- kind of how the 
allele interaction pops up differently for simple dominance vs incomplete dominance.  The genetic model the 
program is using clearly knows which one is in the middle, because only the two middle-to-end RFs are given 
in the graders' answers.

14) Change grading html to save the automatic grader output => easier to summarize

15) Include in <Grade>
	- total number of crosses
	- number of crosses after sufficient info
	- for linkage, # of offspring in evidentiary cage



